Dense Layer and Hidden Layer in Keras

Dense Layer:
- A dense layer (also called a fully connected layer) is a type of neural network layer
where each neuron receives input from all the neurons of the previous layer.
This means that every neuron in a dense layer is connected to every neuron in the previous layer,
and each connection has its own weight.

- In Keras, you can add a dense layer to a model using the `Dense` class,
which allows you to specify the number of neurons and activation function.


from keras.models import Sequential
from keras.layers import Dense

model = Sequential()
model.add(Dense(units=128, activation='relu', input_dim=64))
model.add(Dense(units=10, activation='softmax'))

In this example, the first dense layer has 128 neurons with a ReLU activation function,
and the second dense layer (output layer) has 10 neurons with a softmax activation function.

Hidden Layer:
- A hidden layer in a neural network is any layer that is not an input or output layer.
    Hidden layers perform transformations on the inputs entering the network,
    and these transformations are learned during training.
- In Keras, a hidden layer is typically a dense layer,
    but it can also be other types of layers like convolutional layers,
    recurrent layers, etc.
- The purpose of hidden layers is to capture complex patterns in the data by
    applying non-linear transformations through activation functions.

Example with Hidden Layers:

from keras.models import Sequential
from keras.layers import Dense

model = Sequential()
model.add(Dense(units=64, activation='relu', input_dim=100))  # First hidden layer
model.add(Dense(units=64, activation='relu'))  # Second hidden layer
model.add(Dense(units=10, activation='softmax'))  # Output layer

In this example, the first and second dense layers are hidden layers,
while the third dense layer is the output layer.

Summary Note:
Dense Layer: A fully connected neural network layer where every neuron in the layer
    is connected to every neuron in the previous layer.
    It is defined using the `Dense` class in Keras.

Hidden Layer:Any layer in a neural network that is between the input and output layers.
    Hidden layers can consist of dense layers or other types of layers and
    are used to learn complex patterns in the data through non-linear transformations.
